# Is Quotex Halal? A Comprehensive Guide for Indian Traders

## Is Quotex Trading Halal or Haram?

Quotex trading is considered halal and compliant with Islamic Sharia
principles. This is because it follows the principles of non-monopoly,
avoidance of gambling, and prohibition of usurious banking practices.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## Trading Platforms That Offer Quotex

-   MetaTrader 4
-   MetaTrader 5
-   cTrader
-   NinjaTrader
-   Sierra Chart

## System Requirements for Android/iOS/PC

### Android

\- Operating System: Android 5.0 or higher - RAM: 1 GB or higher -
Storage Space: 50 MB or higher

### iOS

\- Operating System: iOS 10.0 or higher - RAM: 1 GB or higher - Storage
Space: 50 MB or higher

### PC

\- Operating System: Windows 7 or higher - RAM: 2 GB or higher - Storage
Space: 100 MB or higher

## Download Instructions for Android/iOS/PC

### Android

1\. Visit the Google Play Store. 2. Search for "Quotex". 3. Click
on the "Install" button.

### iOS

1\. Visit the Apple App Store. 2. Search for "Quotex". 3. Click on
the "Get" button.

### PC

1\. Visit the Quotex website. 2. Click on the "Download" button.
3. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation.

## Quotex Trading Guide

1\. **Open a Quotex account.** You can create an account on the Quotex
website or through the mobile app. 2. **Fund your account.** You can
fund your account using a variety of methods, including credit/debit
cards, e-wallets, and bank transfers. 3. **Choose an asset.** Quotex
offers a wide range of assets to trade, including forex, commodities,
indices, and stocks. 4. **Set your trade parameters.** This includes
choosing the amount you want to trade, the type of order you want to
place, and the stop-loss and take-profit levels. 5. **Place your
trade.** Once you are satisfied with your trade parameters, click on the
"Trade" button to execute your trade.

## Registration Process

1\. Visit the Quotex website. 2. Click on the "Sign Up" button. 3.
Enter your email address and create a password. 4. Select your country
of residence and agree to the terms and conditions. 5. Click on the
"Create Account" button.

## How to Start Trading

1\. **Open a demo account.** This is a great way to practice trading
without risking any real money. 2. **Learn the basics of trading.**
There are many resources available online that can teach you the basics
of trading. 3. **Develop a trading strategy.** This will help you make
informed trading decisions. 4. **Start trading with a small amount of
money.** This will help you manage your risk and avoid losing more money
than you can afford.

## Demo Account Description

A demo account is a simulated trading account that allows you to
practice trading without risking any real money. This is a great way to
learn the basics of trading and to test out different trading
strategies.

## Mobile Trading Specifics

The Quotex mobile app is available for both Android and iOS devices. The
app offers the same features as the web-based platform, making it easy
to trade on the go.

## Bonuses and Promo Codes in Quotex

Quotex offers a variety of bonuses and promo codes to new and existing
traders. These bonuses can help you to increase your profits and to
reduce your trading costs.

## Troubleshooting

If you are having any problems with the Quotex platform, you can visit
the Help Center on the Quotex website. The Help Center contains a
variety of resources that can help you troubleshoot common problems.

## FAQ

1\. **Is Quotex halal?** Yes, Quotex trading is considered halal and
compliant with Islamic Sharia principles. 2. **What are the system
requirements for Quotex?** - Android: Android 5.0 or higher, 1 GB RAM,
50 MB storage - iOS: iOS 10.0 or higher, 1 GB RAM, 50 MB storage - PC:
Windows 7 or higher, 2 GB RAM, 100 MB storage 3. **How do I open a
Quotex account?** You can open an account on the Quotex website or
through the mobile app. 4. **How do I start trading with Quotex?** 1.
Open a demo account. 2. Learn the basics of trading. 3. Develop a
trading strategy. 4. Start trading with a small amount of money. 5.
**What is a demo account?** A demo account is a simulated trading
account that allows you to practice trading without risking any real
money. 6. **Is there a mobile app for Quotex?** Yes, the Quotex mobile
app is available for both Android and iOS devices. 7. **Does Quotex
offer any bonuses or promo codes?** Yes, Quotex offers a variety of
bonuses and promo codes to new and existing traders.

**Ready to start trading with Quotex?** [Sign up
today](\%22https://broker-qx.pro/sign-up/?lid=1102511\%22){target=""_blank""}
and get started with a demo account.

\`\`\`

